We will implement the Born Approximation method as a SAXS components calculation approach in the main UI. This means that for each cluster stoichiometry, we will compute the average electron density profile across all clusters of that type, then obtain a Fourier transformed I(Q) for each of the individual clusters, and build a weighted average using the born approximation I(Q) components. Before we implement this, we need to make a few large changes to the front end of the main UI, and ensure that we streamline how information is shared with the electron density mapping tool.

Let's start in the main UI, we need to make a few adjustments to accommodate how we are planning to operate moving forward. Right now we have 2 modes, no contrast mode, and contrast mode. Update the dropdown so that No Contrast mode is named 'No Contrast (Debye)', contrast mode is 'Contrast (Debye)', and add a new mode 'Born Approximation (Average)'. The user select will play a role in how the components are computed, and which supporting application is deployed from the main UI.

Right now we are storing the component information related to each 'Computed Distribution', but we need to make this more explicit in the interface. What comprises a 'Computed Distribution' includes the q-range, excluded elements, model template, the component build mode, the clusters included in the distribution (origin clusters folder), whether or not we are in model only mode, and if we are using predicted structure weights or not in the model. In addition, all of the prefit information, and the DREAM fit information are directly tied to a specific computed distribution - this is what we want. At the moment, the 'Generate Prior Weights' command controls if a new computed distribution is created or not by checking the existing computed distributions, and evaluating if the attributes of the computed distribution are shared with an existing distribution or not. This is fine behavior, but we need to make it clear to the user what attributes comprise the computed distribution. Let's reorganize the Model and Build window and move the q-range, grid, recognized elements, and exclude elements list into the Model and Build window. Let's replace the 'Build Prior Weights' button with a button named 'Create Computed Distribution', which will implicitly build the prior weights, and connect all of the information in the model and build window to create a new computed distribution. Once the computed distribution is built, the contrast mode, template, q-range, excluded elements, cluster information, prediction mode, model mode will be set for that computed distribution. The user can update these at any time and click 'Create Computed Distribution' to create a new distribution, same as the current functionality. However, we will add a block of information below the recognized clusters and input field information that displays the attributes of the actively displayed computed distribution, including the relevant folder paths, q-range limits, excluded elements list, number of representative clusters, build components mode and if the components have been computed yet or not, how many components there are, how many of these are predicted components, the active template, how many prefits have been computed, how many dream fits have been computed, the best prefit R^2, the best DREAM fit R^2, and any other user-relevant information, the date/time when that distribution was created, etc. This window should be collapseable, and the content should be scrollable in the expanded window if it is inherently too large. Using this approach, we know that the user will be able to properly keep track of their computed distributions. In the computed distributions dropdown, we can display a computed distribution tooltip type preview of the relevant identifying information, similar to now, but more neatly formatted.

In the main UI Tools dropdown, add a section for Component Calculations Preview, and place the Open SAXS Contrast Mode and Electron Density Mapping tools in there. If the user is deploying these directly from the main UI Tools dropdown, instead of from the Build SAXS Components button in the Component Distributions tab, they are doing this to test the settings of the calculation, not specifically for calculating the components. When deployed from Tools, these two UIs should have a (Preview) mode disclaimer in the window title, and in the top left of the window. There should be a tooltip that explains preview mode does not allow for direct calculation of model components, and that the supporting applications must be accessed through the Build SAXS Components button after creating a computed distribution. Preview mode should essentially function like the current functionality.

Now let's prepare the electron density mapping UI to handle calculating multiple cluster types. The software will implicitly operate in 3 modes, 1)computing a single XYZ/PDB file electron density, 2) computing a folder of XYZ/PDB files and averaging them, or 3) computing a folder of subfolders for the corresponding identified stochiometries. If the user is deploying the calculation tool from the 'Build SAXS Components' button for a computed distribution, the project folder information should be inherited by the Electron Density Mapping UI, otherwise, we will run in Preview mode, where information can still be optionally saved, but the user will input a reference cluster file or folder for the calculation, and the program will infer that this should not be saved under the computed distribution. Only outside of preview mode should the information be saved under the computed distribution after the calculation. When opening from 'Build SAXS Components', the inherited project folder information and active computed distribution will tell the program where to save the data, and link the active clusters folder and predicted structures, if the active computed distribution is using predicted structures. The electron density mapping UI should have a table added below the mesh settings, and above the run electron density calculation field. This table should contain the information on each stochiometry, how many structure files are to be computed, the average number of atoms per file,  if the electron density distribution has been computed yet, and if the fourier transforms have been computed yet, as well as the corresponding trace color for the I(Q) trace corresponding to the fourier transform of that cluster's electron density distribution and the smearing term applied to that distribution, and the electron density subtraction applied to the cluster as well as the intercept value for the subtraction. The reference clsuter file to be displayed in the visualizer for each of the cluster types should also be a column. Once the electron density is calculated, and corresponding transform, the user should be able to click on the row in this table to change the displayed plots to reflect that specific cluster's electron density, solvent subtraction, pre-transform, and the transform if available. One additional note is that the q-range settings should be inherited from the main UI project settings, and the Fourier transform settings for q-range should match the requested q-range from the main UI (if not a warning should be given to the user), but the grid settings are allowed to mismatch, in case the transform requires more points, but the user wants the fitting to take place on a smaller grid, then we will downsample the transform output to match the user requested grid space when pushing the output to model (more information on pushing output to model in later steps of this message).

When the user runs from the build saxs components, and they hit the compute electron density button, we will go to each cluster folder, compute the average electron density, apply smearing (defaulted to a low value, like 0.001 when dealing with averaged clusters, and when the the user hits (Evaluate Fourier Transform), evaluate the transform for each cluster. Ideally, we woulud apply the same transform settings to each cluster, but should have the option to update each cluster's transform settings independently if needed. Also, the solvent subtraction will ideally automatically apply to all clusters, but the option to change independent settings should be available. The table should indicate which clusters have custom solvent subtraction and transform settings applied, and clicking the active row item should pull up those settings in the respective transform and electron density contrast windows.

The user should be able to optionally display all of the computed transform traces together I(Q) for all components, and should have the same selection options as the main UI SAXS components plotting, including logx, logy, legend, autoscale, show computed traces, trace colors, and export plot data. This plotting can all be performed in the same window as the single trace transform, and multi-trace plotting should be defaulted to off so that the user can click between different components in the table.

Once the user is happy with their transformed traces, they will hit a final button 'Push to Model', which will take the active born approximated I(Q) traces and push them to the main UI to be plotted in the project setup window and used in the fitting.

If the user opens the window again from the Build SAXS Components button again for the computed distribution after the calculation has been performed, the state of the supporting application electron density mapping tool should be restored, and the user should be able to view the settings like the transform information and subtraction, and repush/update the components in the model for that computed distribution ONLY if no prefit and/or DREAM fit operations have been performed, otherwise the push option should be locked so that user can't have different fits with different components.

Add a feature to the to also enable the Debye scattering calculation for each cluster, where the user can optionally run the same calculation as they would in the no contrast mode for averaging over each cluster, then allow the user to optionally display the Debye scattering profile alongside the born approximation profile for comparison in the electron mapping UI window. When pushing the model components to the main UI, make sure the program ONLY pushes the born approximation traces.
